Hello everyone. Welcome back to the
shed. I'm Lonnie.
>> Hey, I'm Candace. Welcome back.
>> So,
the the theme of this video is the
roller coaster that we ride on as eBay
sellers. And I want to talk about it
because we we've been doing this for so
long. I've been doing this for a long
time. Candace has at this point, Candace
is a veteran, too. Mhm.
>> And it's this there is it it it doesn't
affect me as much as it used to, but
there is an emotional roller co literal
roller coaster that
um that I I at least maybe I'm not doing
it right or something. Maybe we're not
doing it right.
>> Yeah.
>> But there's highs and lows when it comes
to selling online that I I think there
just is. Especially if you sell like us.
Maybe if you sell uh a skew on Amazon or
something like that and it's a steady
seller or something, maybe that's more
>> Yeah.
>> flat.
>> We're talking about your general
resellers that are out in the trenches
picking up people's stuff and selling it
online.
>> Yeah. It's um
it's not a flat like Man, it I wish it
was just flat sales all the time, but
that's not the way it goes.
>> Or even a good average,
>> right?
>> Yeah. Yesterday we had one of our worst
days of the month.
>> Yeah.
>> Um yeah, it was what 21850 on Tuesday
>> followed by and you know I I wasn't too
worried actually. We made some decent
sales on other platforms.
>> Yeah,
>> probably probably $150 on other
platform. It was a it was fine, you
know, whatever. Uh but it was definitely
lower than what we like to have on eBay.
>> Yes. Um, and then
>> and it's scary sometimes.
>> It is because like when you're in those
when you're in the valley sometimes it
feels like you're never going to make a
sale again because like you can actually
have droughts even with uh even being on
social media even having a a fairly big
good size eBay store which I you know
ours is not huge. I know that. Um
>> it's a decent size.
>> It's decent size. I mean it produces
fairly well typically. I mean, you could
still go through droughts sometimes.
Like we we've had droughts of up to like
>> almost 24 hours without a sale. That's
very rare, but
>> that's rare.
>> 12 hours happens more frequently than
we'd like.
>> Yes.
>> Um and it used to not be that way. So, I
don't know. You know, it it's got a lot
of it gives you a lot of self-doubt
>> and and self-doubt can be good because
sometimes uh it's the nature of of
chance sometimes like oh well it's just
unlucky, you know, like you you know,
nobody bought your stuff for the these
amount of hours. And then sometimes it's
something uh that you're just you're
doing wrong.
>> Yeah.
>> And sometimes it's hard to identify
which one of those things it is. So that
that's why I always try to heir on the
side of it's our fault because that
means that we're going to look actively
look for things to improve to get better
at. But on the other side of that, if
you're always saying it's your fault,
um you cannot force someone to click on
your stuff and buy it. And sometime some
things take time and some days you do
literally get unlucky. That is an actual
thing that happens.
>> And people say buy better stuff. Well,
we buy what we have available to us.
>> That's true.
>> You know,
>> and and but there are some things you
can do to improve your stuff, though,
>> you know,
>> and I feel like we have.
>> Yeah, absolutely.
>> I feel like we really have, but I feel
like uh probably the last two years,
eBay's been like bipolar.
>> Yeah. Yeah, it has been.
>> I think it's been like the last two
years.
>> It may be the economy. It may be
>> maybe we aren't doing things right. It
might be our two-day handling we've
moved to, you know, although we were
pretty much the same phenomenon before
that as well.
>> Yeah.
>> I don't want this to come off negative.
Our we our sales overall have been fine,
>> right?
>> Better than we deserve probably for the
amount of effort we've put in. I think
our sales have been probably as good or
maybe even a little better than we
deserve. You agree with that?
>> I do.
>> So I don't I don't I'm not making like a
>> We're not Yeah. We're not poor Melvin or
anything. We're just we're just it's
like a roller coaster and we're just in
I guess not in awe. That's not the word
I'm looking for. Just uh
>> I wish I wish I could stop feeling
emotions about it though,
>> you know, or feeling worried or getting
too worried or like we had a a fantastic
day yesterday and man it felt good.
uh cloud9 yesterday to be honest and it
affects my emotions and it affects my
general mood and everything and my
happiness and that's not that's not
always healthy.
So even though it is we had a fantastic
day yesterday
I I felt bad for feeling that good about
it. The reason I felt bad about feeling
that good is because I know that the
amplitude at which I feel good about it,
I'll have that same amplitude in the
other direction on a bad sales day.
>> No, I mean, yeah, it's just a roller
coaster and it affects your emotions. It
gives you like a roller coaster of
emotions.
>> It does. YouTube is similar. Yeah.
>> Like when when things are going great on
YouTube, it's a high and when they're
not going great, it's it's a low, you
know, and these are these are emotions
and feelings we have to manage, you
know, as human beings.
>> Yeah. So, but today we are going to go
ahead and enjoy and we're going to focus
on the great sales day we had yesterday.
Today is uh Thursday, right?
>> Yeah. And it's afternoon. We're doing
our Thursday afternoon pull because of
garage sales on Friday. Um we're going
to go ahead and get everything shipped
out
>> and and we'll be done pulling orders
until Monday.
>> Yeah, most of this is stuff that sold
yesterday. I think we've only sold uh
two things today so far. Uh today has
been a little bit slower but a lot of
our orders have been actually no I'm
sorry something three things
>> three things something just sold.
>> Yeah.
>> So hot streak continuing maybe um tip
lately for us uh
early evening overnight overnight sales
have been pretty good and later in the
evening sales have been really good.
>> Yeah.
>> But daytime and and morning sales have
been pretty not not as good. So, I'm I'm
just opening up. This is not like a big
deal or anything. I just wanted to
express to y'all that to those of you
that are eBay sellers that maybe feel
these same emotions as your sales um eb
and flow. Is that is that a phrase?
>> Yeah, that's a great way to put it.
>> Um, you know, it can be quite a ride and
I just want to let y'all know that, you
know, you're not the only one feeling
it. I felt it for the whole time I've
been selling on eBay.
Maybe it's just a m like I'm so invested
in this thing.
>> Well, you have to be because it's our
livelihood.
>> It is. It's our livelihood and to a
great to a very big extent, it's our
life.
>> Yep. It really is.
>> I mean, I I just wanted to share that
with you guys in case maybe some of
y'all are feeling the same way. We're
we're doing great. Uh our sales have
been good uh for months now. We're
happy, but I just wanted to share that
because sometimes we're not so happy on
certain some certain days. So today
ain't one of them though. You ready to
pull some orders?
>> I am.
>> All right, let's get to it.
>> Yep.
>> Okay, so talking about eBay, that's
where all our sales were today. So
>> Oh, really? Yeah.
>> Oh, we we don't have anything on any
other platform.
>> Uh-uh.
>> Okay.
>> Okay. First thing is a DeWalt uh it's a
blade two Charlie.
>> This is a wet tile blade for a saw.
>> Okay.
Oh, here it is.
Big boy. Yep. $39.99.
>> Yeah. Five or 10 is what we paid. I'm
not 100% on that.
>> We have a cookbook on six Charlie.
>> The pink lady.
>> White white comb bounding pink cover.
>> The pink lady cookbook.
>> Yep.
>> That looks kind of fancy. I don't know
what it is about $15, $20 something.
>> $10.
>> 10. Okay. That's good. That'll work.
>> So, looking at it, wouldn't you think
it's like Mary Kay or something like
that?
>> Yeah. No, it's it's got a cool vibe to
it. SA hospital volunteers of uh the
Methodist churches in the Memphis area.
>> Ah,
>> okay. We have next order has two things
on it.
>> Cut, cut, cut.
>> We actually had to cut because we had to
get some stuff ready. We had the this
morning I went ahead and glued up
magnets.
>> Yep.
>> But we did we had to uh serialize them
and Oh,
>> serialize.
>> Huh?
>> Is that a word?
>> Yeah.
>> Oh,
>> yeah. That's when we put the numbers on
to make
>> Oh, I figure that's what it meant. I
didn't know that was a word.
>> Yeah, I think it is.
>> Okay.
>> I think so. I don't know.
>> Yep. So, yeah, we sold some magnets.
This next order has a magnet and a
Stanley cooking set on it.
>> Oh, nice. Yeah.
>> The old shed flip special, huh?
>> I know. Other side.
>> I know. I need to get I need
>> Oh, yeah. You can't really reach now.
>> No, I can't. And I think I put something
on top of it or something. Yeah, I do.
Oh my goodness.
Okay.
I just uh Is this the only thing? No, we
have more of these.
>> Do we? Let me see.
>> Yeah, we got We sold Somebody Somebody
made a really big order.
>> Oh, that's right. Somebody bought four.
So, grab five of them.
>> Yeah. Let me uh What a mess.
All right. We'll pop up here real quick
and just knock all this out. Okie do.
So, we need five total.
>> Yep.
Uno
dos
tris
quro
don't know why I'm talking counting in
Spanish but oh you got them
>> okay
we only have four in this box
>> really
>> yeah the funny thing is we have All
right, there we go. The funny thing is,
y'all, we have the rest of them in this
huge container that we've been meaning
to uh get over to storage for quite a
while now. And now we're we haven't done
it yet. Now we're at the point where we
need to restock that bin up there.
>> Yeah. With them. So,
>> all right. So, this order has a magnet
and a cup.
>> Okay.
>> For 28.98 total. The old shed flip
special coming right up.
>> Next order in the smalls drawer, some
Lancome makeup for 39.99.
>> Nice. Who is that magnet going to by the
way?
>> Elizabeth.
>> Thank you very much, Elizabeth. Okay,
>> next order is some globe bookends in the
box.
>> Okay.
>> Bye, Bravo. Write.
>> Yep. Let's see.
>> I kept wanting to say I kept wanting to
say bookmarks.
Okay, these guys,
they're cool. I mean, they're they are
not ex super expensive.
What did I call the material on that
listing, by the way?
>> Faux marble.
>> Yeah, I called it faux marble in the
listing because even though the box
itself
>> said marble and brass,
>> when we touched this stuff, it did not
feel right.
>> It doesn't feel like marble. No. And I
don't think they're quite as heavy as
marble.
>> Right.
>> $29.99. Marble's cold to the touch and
that wasn't cold enough for my liking.
>> Right. All right. We have some a lot of
14 Program Classics books on N alpha.
>> I think those are probably the ones we
almost shipped by accident the other
day.
>> Right.
>> It's these.
Oh my goodness. We we move.
>> Yeah. Like if you don't watch the
packing channel, you don't know.
>> Uh yeah, you might. I think you're
right. I don't think we ever talked
about it. No, because we didn't know
until we went to pack them. And uh what
made you pop them open or I
>> No, what what happened was we sold some
mis some mystery books
and I I forgot how big or heavy they
were.
>> Oh, the weight.
>> So, we pulled this box the and it was
they were labeled the the way they were
supposed to be labeled, but I pulled
this box. We didn't pay attention to the
skew. We assumed this was it. Um, and
then actually whenever I put the thank
you card and I taped it up and put it on
the scale, Candace saw that it was, you
remember, you saw it was 20, it was 23
lbs.
>> It was supposed to be 12 lbs. I'm like,
how did we get that weight so wrong? And
you were like, "Wait a minute."
>> Right. Because when I when I preack
lots, Candace knows that I'm very
careful with the weight and dimensions
because we know exactly what they should
be because they're packed. Yep.
>> So, when it didn't match up, it threw
Candace.
It alerted Candace that Whoa,
something's wrong.
>> Yeah.
>> So, then we fixed the mistake.
>> I'm glad it wasn't by just like a pound
or so cuz we would have just assumed it
was our error.
>> Yeah. You said I just edited that this
morning and you said that and I was
like, she is absolutely right. If it
would have been off by a pound or two,
she might have just said, "Oh, well,
Lonnie messed up the weight or
something." Yeah. Yeah. So, okay. But h
all is well that ends well.
>> Yep. $64.99.
>> Yeah, we paid these are the one we paid
$10 for these
>> at a garage sale along with another set
of books.
>> Children the children's um not encycl
the some kind of children's hardcover
books for $8.
>> Yes. So, we bought and those are so it's
all sold now.
>> Yeah.
>> And then the I think like the day before
or the day after we bought a bunch of
books for like $6.
>> All three of those book lots gone.
Pants.
>> Yep.
I love book lots.
>> All right, this next thing is a vintage
lucite purse on nine bravo.
>> Yeah, the buyer I remind me. Well, I'll
remember cuz I'm saying it now. This
buyer uh messaged us
requesting that we double box it.
>> Okay.
>> And I am going to fulfill that request.
>> Yeah. $124.99.
>> I probably wouldn't normally double box.
I'll probably just like pack it really
well, but I will double box this
>> since they asked. Yeah.
>> All right. Two more magnets coming up
for Donna.
>> Thank you, Donna. Awesome.
>> All righty. In the Alien drawer, we have
a belt buckle.
>> What Donna get? 197 and 196. Okay.
>> This was a shed flops, right? Tombstone
Express.
>> Uh, no. This is actually a recent
listing.
>> Oh, okay.
>> It just wasn't worth a lot of money.
>> $14.99.
>> But it's not bad. Actually, that's not
bad for a buckle. I'm happy with that.
>> And we have, let's see, it's
>> a cool buckle, though.
>> Well, we have some Army clothes. We have
some more further up. I was seeing it's
different thing.
>> It's all different things. Okay.
>> Okay. So, this is some two pair of army
sweatpants, size 2X on 8 alpha.
>> Okay. I hope we have them all here.
>> I'm sure we do.
>> It says some in storage.
>> That's That's the only reason I said
that. What size are they? Uh
>> 2X 8 alpha.
>> Okay.
Yeah, we need to keep an eye on that.
Actually, we need to get our butts to
storage.
>> Yeah,
>> because we have, like I said, we have
stuff we want to put in there and we
have stuff we want to take out of there.
Okay, these are
>> I think
>> they got two pair.
>> I'll grab them.
>> Yeah,
>> the whole bag came with me.
>> I probably couldn't. That's why I was
>> Why would I have done that?
>> I don't know.
>> Double check those sizes.
>> I will
>> cuz that's weird that they were in two
separate bags.
>> Yeah.
>> And they would have all fit fine in one
one bag inside of the box.
>> 2X.
>> Yep. They're both 2X.
>> Okay. Sweet.
And we got to be real careful when we
get a pack we don't start mixing this
stuff up.
>> Yeah. That's the kind of That's the kind
of mistake we we can make easily.
>> So 1999 each.
>> Okay. Wow. That's a good order.
>> Louisville Slugger bat on the up.
>> On the up. All right. Oh, man. Candace,
>> you just listed that yesterday.
>> No, this is a this is a workout of a
pulling day.
>> I know.
>> And you're not done.
>> That's That's good, though.
Woo. Using the step stool today.
All right.
All righty.
I just listed this bat. Could have I
probably could have squeezed a little
more out of it.
I actually sold it twice the same day.
>> Oh, I didn't even realize
>> one guy bought it and then about 10
minutes later he said, "Hey, I
accidentally bought the the wrong model.
I'm so sorry."
and can I cancel? And of course, we
hadn't shipped it yet. So, I said, "Yep,
no problem at all. I'll cancel and
refund right now." Uh,
>> have you ever listed something and sold
it twice all in the same day?
>> Uh, probably think so. I think this has
actually happened before, I believe.
>> It's It's not very common, though.
>> $39.99.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. The other army clothing on this
order, a shirt and a pants. 14 Delta 3X
pants.
>> Okay.
3X. I think that's our last one.
>> The last one. Yep.
>> Okay. 3X.
>> And then a 3X shirt on two alpha.
>> Okay.
>> Two alpha.
>> Oh.
It's right here.
This box.
I I I guess I didn't realize exactly
like since we have it all stowed away,
we have a lot of this stuff.
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah. And like you said,
there's more in storage,
>> right? I think we have two different two
different SKUs that we have a lot of
backstock in storage to go along with
what we have.
>> Yep.
>> On the shelves.
>> So, $19.99 for each of those. The next
order is these Stanley cups here. All
four of them for $83.96.
>> Yes,
>> we have a manga set, a book set on nine
Bravo labeled DPT.
>> Okay.
>> It's five books, soft cover.
This must be This is must have been
listed for a while.
It's odd they weren't worth more, huh?
>> Yeah. That's That's a really low price
for uh little manga set.
>> I would love to know what what the theme
is based on the title. The devil is a
part-timer.
>> Man, so many of their uh so many of
those titles are like that.
>> It's like what?
>> So all weird.
>> 1749 for those.
>> We don't have many left. I don't even
know if there's
>> no I was over here actually. Um, Candace
probably noticed I was like distracted
because I was looking.
>> Yeah.
>> Little Battlers, Drifters, Dragon Drive,
Drifters again. What does it say?
Um, the fiance chosen by the ring. Yeah.
>> Mhm. All right. Eight Charlie. Some
Merryill shoes in the box. Hiking shoes.
Okay.
They're in the box, but they're not new,
right?
>> Um I believe so.
>> This is a shelf clearing kind of day,
y'all. That's a good day.
Going to enjoy it.
>> Oh, no. They're new with the box.
>> They are new.
>> Yeah.
>> Shoot. I shouldn't have taken that
offer.
That's expensive shoes.
>> I know.
>> I don't think we had that much into
them, but man,
>> what' I take? 45.
>> 49.
>> 49. Okay. Yeah, they're nice.
>> Yeah, they're my size.
>> Wait, what did I sell them for?
>> $49
>> flat.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. So, I definitely took the Okay.
So, that was definitely off. Oh, we had
them I think we had them like $10
higher.
>> They were They were $55.99.
>> Ah, okay. Yeah,
>> but they were on sale.
>> Yeah, originally at $69.99.
>> Right. All right. So, we've been trying
to sell them for a little while now.
>> Y
>> original price was 120.
>> Yeah, they're good shoes.
>> They're still I almost kept them.
>> Do they fit you?
>> Mhm.
>> Oh, man. You should have kept them.
>> I You know, I have a lot of shoes.
>> Well, yeah, you do.
>> I don't have a good pair of like outdoor
shoes like that.
>> I don't know how you don't have a good
pair of every kind of shoe, every kind
of terrain, every kind of feeling, every
kind of color.
>> I don't have any cycling shoes. Okay.
Three Bravo East Press David Copperfield
book. Okay.
Oh my goodness. Three Bravo.
David Copperfield. Here we go. Got it.
>> $24.99.
>> Okay.
And last item in the Boba Fett drawer.
Transformers Ultra Magnus figure
on card.
>> Guess the one that says mag probably,
huh?
>> Yep.
It looks like a bus or something. Yeah,
that's it.
>> Okay.
>> $9.99.
>> Nice. Can I mean, look, that's um I
don't know what's that. It's a day plus
a couple items.
>> Yeah.
>> Is what what that is. That's a real
That's really good for us.
>> Yeah.
>> But I have it in the back of my head
today or tomorrow or the next day could
be bad.
>> Yep.
>> Or they could be good.
>> Well, you never know what you're going
to get. We're going to try and level our
emotions though as we go along this uh
this selling thing. We're going to go
ahead and get this stuff packed and then
we'll be back.
It is time for
>> shed flops.
>> Yep. What is What the heck is shed
flops, Candace?
>> Shed flops is where we take a look at
our five oldest listings in our eBay
store and decide if we want to relist
them or donate them.
>> Okay,
>> that's about it.
>> There we go. That's all you got to say
about that?
>> Yep. And I already have them pulled up,
>> y'all. We
>> They're usually pretty boring, hence why
they're still in our store.
>> Yeah, it's not Yeah, you're not going to
see anything like usually it's not going
to be like, "Wow, I can't believe that
didn't sell."
>> Usually, it's like, "I see why that
didn't sell." Usually. Yep.
>> Uh, by the way, we just finished u we
wrapped up we finished our packing. Some
of the stuff um is
>> three of them are UPS. We have those in
a separate place so we don't
accidentally put them out for USPS.
>> That's right. Yeah.
>> And uh Yeah, it was
>> Man, it was a it was a weird packing
video. I talked about some weird stuff
there. It got kind of
>> Yeah, it got kind of weird.
>> Yeah, it did.
>> Anyway, you ready to do this?
>> I'm ready. And those those videos are
over on Pack It. That's That's the
YouTube channel for that.
>> I have a question.
>> I'm gonna pack it.
>> Well, I know. I was going to ask you,
can you say those three words without
making a fist? I just did because I was
holding the camera, but I did not enjoy
it.
>> Well, you did with the left hand. I
don't know if you realized it.
>> What? I did this.
>> You You made a
>> I'm going to peck it.
>> You You did this.
>> I don't even know why I do this.
>> I don't know.
>> I have no idea what the genesis of this
>> and now you have me doing it.
>> But every time Well, you started doing
that in your own.
>> I know.
>> To show them. So, I'm going to peck it.
She does that every time. And she mouths
it, too, to to get her timing right.
>> I do. So, we have we we do uh videos on
I'm going to pack it typically on days
where a video doesn't drop on shed
flips. There is a video on I'm going to
pack it. And also, if you're into
podcast,
uh we do Ryan and I, Crazy Dreamers,
Ryan and I do a podcast over on Ryan
named it. It was supposed to be a
placeholder name and now it's the name
of it.
Lonnie and the Lonnie and Ryan podcast
or Lonnie and Ryan's podcast, I think it
is. Uh that's on YouTube as well. And
very soon I will have all the episodes.
I've made it my project starting last
night uh to get all the episodes up on
Spotify.
>> Oh, are y'all doing that?
>> Yeah, I am.
>> Okay, cool.
>> Yeah, I'm putting them I'm getting
everything up on Spotify and we'll
publish there as well.
>> Sweet.
>> We've had several requests. There are a
lot of people that
>> so people can listen to it while they're
out
>> doing
>> garage sales
>> are delivering the mail or whatever it
is they do during the day, right?
>> Okay, cool. You ready to get cuz it's
5:30. I'm ready to get out of here. I
still have to plan a garage sale route
tonight.
>> I got to I got to go cook dinner. I have
a plant that I want to plant on the
ground.
>> I've got to edit some videos.
>> Things I need to do.
>> Why are you doing that thing with your
arm?
>> Okay. Well, once you get to it, then
lady, let's go.
>> Okay. First thing is a hat.
>> Okay.
>> We actually have two hats. Hat A box
>> both in hat A.
>> Yep.
>> So, this works having you know what in
the in the times where we have boxes
like a little grouping of boxes like
this, it actually works to not have them
all double stacks because then if I need
to get one out, I have enough place to
put the other one, you know.
>> All right, we're looking for USS George
HW Bush and a Houston Astros hat. They
One looks navy and one looks black.
>> Seventh Infantry Division.
>> Are you sure this is Hatbox A?
>> Yeah,
>> cuz I don't see either one of them.
>> It's right here. Here's George Bush.
>> Okay.
>> And what's the other one?
>> It's a um Houston Astros. It says Astros
real big and red.
>> Okay. Uh I wasn't looking for that one
my first go through.
>> I see it. Yeah,
>> it's right here. Okay.
>> So, all right. So, what are we doing?
All right, we have Bush at 17.49 and the
Astros at $14.99.
>> That's good. That means we have some
room to maneuver.
>> Yep.
>> Let's make them both $13.
>> Okay,
>> that sound good to you?
>> Yep.
>> Okay,
>> you can put those back and grab the belt
buckles. We got two more of those today.
>> That's That's crazy, man.
>> We're always Oh, I guess we're going to
be doing that for a while
>> because you listed them all on the same
day.
>> That's right. As a matter of fact, we
could we if we didn't kind of uh
if we didn't kind of change the order of
things, we would just do be doing belt
buckles.
>> Yeah.
>> For like five episodes straight or
something.
>> Yep.
>> And we didn't want to do that. So, we're
we're choosing to do a couple of time.
>> Okay. We need T and O.
>> T
>> T is a Statue of Liberty and O is a
malard duck.
>> Okay. And O. Got them.
>> Okay. So, Statue of Liberties at $10.99
and the duck is at $14.99.
>> Let's make them both 10 bucks. $9.99.
999.
>> All righty.
>> All right.
Is that it?
>> One more thing.
>> Uh,
okay.
>> Let me clear my throat.
>> Okay.
>> Fontini.
>> Oh my goodness.
>> Six Delta
>> man
>> Mary.
>> I know. And it made it through a
Christmas season.
>> Made it through
>> a couple probably.
>> Probably two or three. Yeah.
>> Yeah. This is not good.
>> I know.
>> This is not good. What's the price on
it?
>> $1259.
>> We don't really have much room.
>> We got to drop her to 10.
>> Yeah. I mean, where is it? Six Delta.
Make sure we have it.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> I mean, we donate a single Mary. She's
going to end up in a garbage can. I
can't live with that.
>> Yeah. Okay. Where is it? Oh, Delta.
Delta. Come on, Wonnie. It's right here.
There she is. She's She's there.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. No, we're not going to donate her.
>> I'm curious if we have any other
Fontanites. Let me see real quick.
>> I think we probably do. I think we have
one. If I had to guess, I think I've
seen one around the 89 area.
>> I wonder if it's Joseph.
>> Where is it? Oh, it's right here.
>> The Holy Family.
>> Wait a second. Oh,
they're all three in that one. So, it
wouldn't make sense to lot them,
>> right?
>> No. No, cuz then you would have two
Mary's,
>> right? You can't do that. I don't think
she had a twin.
>> All right, so yep, that's what we're
doing. All those are going to get
>> sold similar. Man, I'm tired.
>> Me, too.
>> Wow, I'm tired. Okay, so yeah, that is
going to be it for this one. Thanks so
much for watching and we will see y'all
again very soon. Bye, y'all.
>> Bye.